running a successful ecommerce brand can
be extremely tough due to so many
components that need to be managed with
precision luckily shopify makes it very
intuitive and straightforward for
business owners to optimize their
storefronts with a simple installation
of a software app so in this video i'm
going to cover the top three apps you
should be using on your shopify store to
get your brands to the next level
to cover the very first app you need to
understand how basic accounting works
but for anyone like me who doesn't have
a degree in accounting or for anyone
that just doesn't have the time to spend
each day hashing out numbers a private
dashboard app is essential there are so
many areas to take note of such as cost
of goods shipping ad spend transaction
fees that without a comprehensive
built-in tracking system like b profit
it makes it nearly impossible to stay
accurate the be profit dashboard helps
you understand where you are in your
metrics and whether or not you can scale
up or need to scale back down based on
your profits be profit is the all-in-one
dashboard where you can easily integrate
or input your business expenses and
connect your sales channels to
accurately report your daily net profit
now the interface itself is very user
friendly and once you integrate all your
platforms and sales channels you never
have to do it again and it will report
an update in real time all right so
let's hop into my computer and show you
how to download the app along with the
monthly costs all right so first we're
gonna go to the app store we're gonna
type in be profit all right so here is
the app itself it has 262 reviews 4.9
stars
all right let's click on it
we're gonna go add the app okay so here
are the monthly costs of using the app
and the prices range depending on how
many orders you do on a monthly basis
but be profit is offering everyone that
uses my discount code andy30 an
additional 30 off your first three
months and i'll make sure to put that
down in the description so for app
number two those of you that watch my
videos know how much i love utilizing
post purchase upsells any type of upsell
to increase your average order value to
in turn make more money but honestly who
doesn't love to make more money so an
app i've been using for a while to
implement these upsells is simplify one
click upsell this app allows you to
integrate pre-purchase and post purchase
upsells to your website giving you an
opportunity to increase the cart value
per customer you can customize offers
along with add discounts to incentivize
your viewer to complete that purchase
okay so zipify is now on the shopify app
store so let's find it and talk price
okay so let's go in and hop into the
computer and find zipify one click
upsell
let's go zip five ocu onto the app store
all right it's the very first one 220
reviews 4.7 stars 30 day free trial
right here
and then we can go in and check the
pricing okay so here is the pricing tier
one tier two tier three and tier four
tier one's 35 dollars a month tier two
is ninety five one ninety five and
they're all
one percent of upsell revenue however
once you get to fifty thousand dollar
fifty thousand in upsell revenue
generated from zip five one crop so
they're going to charge you 750 dollars
so here's the pricing let's go on to app
number three the last but not least app
is ad spy which is a very useful tool
for tracking analytics of the best
performing ads along with the easy to
use interface for segmenting down you
can think of it as access to an entire
database library of all the active ads
running on facebook now this really
helps for finding potential winning
products along with spying on your
competitors what i like about this app
is that you can filter down to a very
precise set of parameters to find the
exact type of ads you're looking for you
can filter likes gender ages country
date ranges and more it's interesting to
take note of is that all the active ads
that are being displayed on ad spy means
that these brands are spending money and
as we know facebook ads are very
expensive so if they're spending all
this money they must be making it all
back and maybe even more especially if
they've been running these ads for a
long period of time it's the same thing
with ads by ad spy is not on the shopify
app source what we got to do is go on to
my computer onto google and find the app
so let's do that right now all right so
here we are on the pricing and it is 150
a month but if you use my affiliate code
you get 50 off that first month so you
definitely try that see how the app goes
for you test it out yeah it's just a
great database to use to find a
potential winning product okay so
another app you can use as an
alternative to be profit is triple o
triple is actually not on the shopify
app store so let's hop back into my
computer and i'll show you where to find
it all right so we got to go to google
type in triple well
and then we're going to go right here to
this link
and here is the app itself so if we go
to pricing as you can see it's only a
hundred dollars but the utm tracking is
an extra 200 so definitely a price
difference here but they're pretty
similar apps it's just up to you to
figure out which one you want to use so
those are the three apps i highly
suggest using for your shopify source if
you have any suggestions on the apps
that you've been using that have been
very useful feel free to comment them
below and if you've enjoyed this video
don't forget to hit that like button
subscribe going to be posting more
content as i've said before but
appreciate you guys time i'll see you in
the next video peace
[Applause]